* How did viewing a diff between two versions help you spot the bug?

Passing as arguments to diff firstly the old version and after the new version
it shows which are the lines where we applyed some changes and so where probably the bug is nested

* How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here

* What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

  If you manually save (commit) your changes whenever you have a significan change into a
  project and you want to mark that event ( eg. a new feature not a single change),
  historycally could be much more useful than a system of automating storing that store information
  periodically without a significant meaning for the history of developer 

* Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here

* How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

  "git log" is used to display the list of all commits of a project (or the current directory of the project).
  "git diff" can be used to display the differences between two commits (how many lines are added or removed)
  NOTE if you use git diff with two adiacent commits of the same project, the same results can be obtained with
  "git log --stat" that displays the numbers of changes (num of '+' plus num of '-')

* How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

  Every time I need to develop a new feature that could brake the code, I can create a new branch
  to develop the new feature and merge it with the master branch (stable) when the feature is ready
  Think to be free of explore deep concepts/features!

* Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
